# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml --python .venv/bin/python --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
-e .
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mkdocs-material
backrefs==5.8
    # via mkdocs-material
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via nbconvert
black==25.1.0
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   rchitect
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   flask
    #   mkdocs
colorama==0.4.6
    # via mkdocs-material
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
coverage==7.8.0
    # via pytest-cov
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.13
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.18.0
    # via virtualenv
flask==3.1.0
    # via sqlite-web
fonttools==4.56.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via jupyterlab
identify==2.6.9
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imageio==2.37.0
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
    #   scikit-image
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
    #   jupyterlab
ipympl==0.9.7
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
ipython==8.34.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipympl
    #   ipywidgets
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via ipympl
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.11.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.3.6
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
lxml==5.3.1
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pymdown-extensions
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
    #   ipympl
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
mistune==3.1.3
    # via nbconvert
mkdocs==1.6.1
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
    #   mkdocs-material
mkdocs-get-deps==0.2.0
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs-material==9.6.11
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mypy==1.15.0
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.4.2
    # via scikit-image
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via jupyterlab
numpy==2.2.4
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   imageio
    #   ipympl
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   tifffile
osgridconverter==0.1.3
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   rchitect
    #   scikit-image
paginate==0.5.7
    # via mkdocs-material
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   mkdocs
peewee==3.17.9
    # via sqlite-web
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   ipympl
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==4.2.0
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   radian
psutil==7.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.1
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
pydantic-core==2.33.0
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
    #   radian
    #   sqlite-web
pymdown-extensions==10.14.3
    # via mkdocs-material
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==6.1.0
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   pre-commit
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
pyzmq==26.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
radian==0.6.13
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
rchitect==0.4.7
    # via radian
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mkdocs-material
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.11.2
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
scipy==1.15.2
    # via scikit-image
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==78.1.0
    # via jupyterlab
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rchitect
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlite-web==0.6.4
    # via
    #   atlanta-shore (pyproject.toml)
    #   atlanta-shore
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tifffile==2025.3.30
    # via scikit-image
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   coverage
    #   jupyterlab
    #   mypy
    #   pytest
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipympl
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.13.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   black
    #   ipython
    #   mistune
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
virtualenv==20.30.0
    # via pre-commit
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via mkdocs
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via flask
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
